# README
 
My website was created for the font Sour Gummy by Stefie Justprince to attract viewers interested in learning about a particular font, the history of the font, variations, and the full alphabet set. Not only can viewers know about this particular font, but the user can download the font by clicking a button displayed on the site. This font stood out to me because it was playful which I gravitate towards being an art education major and the font's name. 

My design for this website has colors that symbolize sour gummy worms. This was a challenge as the color combinations were failing on Adobe’s color tool. In addition to the colors, I created a gummy worm-like footer logo, a worm placed behind the history header, and a gummy worm favicon to keep the overall theme of sour gummies. Although I used the copilot chat on visual code I found it more beneficial not using it as it was messing up some of my other website components. Some challenges I had through the creation of the site were positioning text to appear on the site, getting an SVG to be placed behind the text, and getting a custom cursor working. To further my design in the future I would like to add my candy scoop custom cursor and possibly a candy scoop sound when the download button is pressed to give the user an experience. I used Figma as a mockup platform for the first time during this project. 

This project gave me an understanding of how to create a navigation bar, how to place fonts and SVG into certain areas on the site, and a footer. Building a font website allows me as an art education major with a graphic design concentration to understand the exploration of fonts, how to build a website to teach future students, and how to use Figma as a mockup tool.
